The app is good, but let's get that end button away from my big fat right thumb! Especially when I'm trying to 
hit stop-recording.  I know we have some constraints because of the text box, but let's try to move that 
like we did with HART. 

It might also be nice to be able to exit out of the "skip student" menu, because hitting the back button 
seems to induce crashes

Also, I walked across the hall yesterday, not knowing this would disconnect me from our server.  
Fortunately, Naveed panicked and checked, because it had disconnected.  Some sort of warning system on 
that might be good, though I realize this is probably a less trivial change than the other things.

I might have other ideas once we've actually been able to use it with a few more students, and again 
if we get ever get the patterns pushed automatically through the phone.

One quick thing--for the dummy variables that are there now.  Maybe something neutral?  Right now they say 
"boredom" and "confusion."  Since I'm kinda holding in students' faces to get the recording to work, it might 
be good do a quick change on this?  And in the future, we might want to think about abreviations that obscure 
that a bit.  Depending on the layout of a classroom we could even be worrying about nosy neighbors staring 
at the phone, which then becomes a different set of issues.

---

- How about this as a response to each message that acknowledges it:
 
<ack part="1" of="34"><name>extra_credit.xml</name></ack>

x Also, I was wondering if there is a way to add an unregister message for the devices. 
Basically, a message that would be sent whenever you press the button end. It is to 
notify the server that this particular device should not be receiving messages and to 
update its state as well.

x Also, I was wondering if we can set the default values for textboxes in the initial 
screens to be Host: 192.168.1.100, username: betty, password: betty

x Can we have the view clear out the data from previous messages if the next message turns out 
to be the EMPTY_MESSAGE? Usually, the view deactivates the textarea but information from previous message 
persists on the screen, it would probably be less confusing for the researcher to just have those fields 
clear out exactly the way it looked when you first start the app.

x We have also noticed that whenever we end the session and restart the app, that the reject list does not 
clear out, which causes the new list sent by the server to be appended to the current one, not replace it. 
It would be great, if that can be reset whenever the user presses the end button.

x Actually, it would be great if you send the unregister message both if the user clicks ‘Upload and Finish’ 
or ‘Restart App’ since the ‘Restart App’ option requires that the devices sends an init message again, which 
triggers the warning that we’re trying to initialize the client while it is in an active state.
